# Directory Conventions

`convention over configuration`

when you are developing your document, you should use this:

```bash
restory dev path/to/target
```

After doing this, Restory will generate a `navi` folder and `.reactstory` folder.

```bash{1,5}
├── .reactstory
│   ├── components
│   └── config.js
├── README.md
└── navi
```

## Root README.md

Restory will parse the root `README.md` file into a header button called `README`, if you want to change it see config [readmeName](/Guide/Configuration#readmeName)

if you do not want a `README.md`, just `delete` it and you will never see it again.

## The navi folder

```bash{5}
├── .reactstory
│   ├── components
│   └── config.js
├── README.md
└── navi
```

Restory will scan this folder for generating the page header.

### Example

```sh
└── navi
    ├── check.md
    ├── demo.md
    └── guide
        └── intro.md
```

Here is a example of a `navi` folder. Restory will render 3 button on the left side of header:`check`,`demo`,`guide`. You may noticed that `guide` is a folder, so Restory render it with a `tree-sider`.

### The order of buttons

Sometimes you want to control the order of buttons, you can do things like:

```sh
└── navi
    ├── 1.check.md
    ├── 2.demo.md
    └── 3.guide
        └── 1.intro.md
```

then Restory will help you to render the button in this order without rendering the number title.

# Header Configuration

Restory has almost no configuration, only some conventions. However, if there is no necessary configuration, it is difficult for users to customize. When you run `Restory dev` , a `.reactstory` folder and `config.js` file is created in the working:

```js
// .reactstory/config.js
module.exports = {
  readmeName: 'Introduction', //string
  title: 'ReStory', //string
  github: false, //boolean
  repo: 'https://github.com/Foveluy/ReStory', //string
  footer: 'ReStory ©2018 Created by ZhengFang' //string
}
```

Let us explain them one by one.

## readmeName

```js{3}
// .reactstory/config.js
module.exports = {
  readmeName: 'Introduction', //string
}
```

When you set `readmeName`, you can change the name of the `README button` on the header.

## title

```js{3}
// .reactstory/config.js
module.exports = {
  title: 'ReStory', //string
}
```

The name of your project, this title will be displayed on the far left of the header.

## github and repo

If you are writing a github documentation, you can set `github` and `repo`, `github` represents the button that displays github in header (default is true) , and repo fills in the project's github address.

```js{4-5}
// .reactstory/config.js

module.exports = {
  github: true,
  repo: 'https://github.com/Foveluy/ReStory',
}
```

# Others

## footer

```js{4}
// .reactstory/config.js

module.exports = {
  footer: 'ReStory ©2018 Created by ZhengFang' //string
}
```

the footer of this website.
